[roaring]
[dramatic music playing]
[groaning]
[hooting]
[laughing]
Richard! What have you done to yourself?
Do you like my new look?
I've evolved
into something much more powerful.
[Kong roaring]
Relax, Kong,
you may as well get used to it here.
Because you aren't going anywhere.
-[grunts]
-[beeps]
[roaring]
[groans]
[grunting]
Thrash all you like, Kong.
Not even I could break those bars.
[roaring]
I'll deal with you later, primate.
Right now, I need to reprimand Botila
for her betrayal and malice.
[laughs] There she goes.
I'm right behind you, Botila.
-Any sign of Kong, Jonesy?
-I got nothing, Lukas. Sorry.
-I've lost the signal from Botila's ship.
-[sighs] We'll find Kong.
I'm worried
we might not have the firepower
to deal with whoever was powerful enough
to take him down.
[grunting]
What's Apex saying, Danny?
He says he might know
how to even the odds!
Your timing is too impeccable
to be a coincidence.
Taking over my ship at the moment
my clones mutinied
seems extremely convenient.
Oh, Botila.
Are you so naive to think
that I haven't been watching
your every move
since you stole my base?
-[gasps]
-I have hidden cameras everywhere!
Well, that's kind of creepy.
I kept my distance after you displayed
your new ability to control AIs.
Once your rebellious clones
took that power away,
it seemed like the right time
to make my glorious comeback.
[Botila gasps]
And now I'm torn between allowing you
to remain intact long enough...
[Botila straining]
...to witness my revenge on Kong,
or crushing you like a bug.
[grunting]
Twenty thousand volts
says you release me right now, Richard!
That didn't even tickle.
-Wow!
-¡Increíble!
Oh, man!
[grunting]
Whatever you've got planned,
you'll fail, Richard.
You always fail.
[groans] You're even more annoying
than I remember.
I want to show you something.
You're coming too.
[snarling]
[Kong roaring]
I think we should bail.
[Botila] Love what you've done
with the place.
[Richard] You stole my resources
and forced me to create a new lab
out of trash!
But one bot's trash
is another genius' riches.
And this lab is nothing compared
to my ultimate achievement!
Me!
After my setback in Egypt,
I returned here to plan my revenge
on you and my brother
for the many indignities
I suffered at your hands.
You all thought I was finished,
but I will never be beaten.
I had a plan.
I realized the only way to defeat my enemy
was to become like him,
only much, much better!
Now my size truly matches my ambition.
[grunting]
[Jonesy] Seems simple.
This must be the safety,
and this lever controls the... Whoa!
Oh!
[Lukas] Look out!
[groans]
You okay, buddy?
The only thing that's hurt is my pride.
And my butt.
I kind of hurt my butt a little.
-[both giggle]
-Butt.
[grunting]
Uh, he said he's going to show you
how it's done.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Danny] Wow!
Okay. I'm impressed.
[grunts] How were you able to transform
yourself into this monstrosity?
Deep within the earth,
there lies an ancient city
filled with advanced apes.
There I discovered a room
lined with stone tablets,
carved with their collective knowledge
and history.
Translating the symbols took time,
but the information they contained
allowed me to take my theories
to the next level.
The secrets of Kong's amazing size
and strength were finally laid bare to me.
Secrets I could now duplicate
and use upon myself!
Using Kong's genetic material,
which he unknowingly provided
during our underground adventure,
I was able to enhance
my body's cellular structure.
Making me bigger, and more powerful.
Until I was more than a match
for Kong himself!
[yelling]
The harmonic key described
in the elders' ancient texts
allowed me to return
to the subterranean world,
where I easily overcame the ape
and brought him here,
where he will be the cornerstone
of my revenge!
[laughs]
I've picked up Kong's signal.
He's back on Kong Island!
There can only be one reason
anyone would reactivate it.
Yeah. Whoever took Kong
wants us to follow him into a trap.
Yeah, it's a trap.
It's always a trap.
So let's go, already!
[all laugh]
[groaning]
Kong's tracker will lead Lukas
and his band of fools
-straight into my hands.
-[grunts]
I can't wait to see the look
on my brother's face
when I show him what's become
of his pea-brained primate pet.
Just the thought of his self-righteous
whining is making me--
[sneezes]
Ha! Well done, Botila!
You were always full of surprises!
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Or maybe I'll just send
my reprogrammed bionobots to you!
I've made your destruction
their number one priority!
[beeps]
[Lukas] Been running non-stop
since we let Richard go in Egypt.
That may have been a mistake.
My brother hates Kong
and this reeks of his doing.
Maybe.
But, remember, when Botila was inside
my mind, she saw Ape City.
Who knows what else she learned?
You thought she was telling the truth
about being locked up
when we saw her on the holo-screen.
It doesn't make sense.
Unless Richard and Botila
joined forces again
and the whole thing's just a scam.
I doubt my brother
could ever forgive Botila.
[grunts]
Ugh!
The clones disabled my weapons.
So I'll have to borrow yours!
[grunts]
Impressive.
Most impressive.
You truly are my finest creation.
Except me, of course.
There will never be a more
perfect organism than myself!
Oh, I think we have visitors.
Not again!
[scoffs]
I can't see you, but I can sense you.
Be prepared for anything.
[Danny] Look!
Kong!
[hooting]
-[Richard grunts]
-Whoa!
[all screaming]
[both screaming]
-Jet packs! Now!
-[alarm sounding]
You guys get clear! I'll land this thing!
-Richard?
-Hello, little brother.
Come and play.
[electricity crackling]
Guess I'm grounded for now.
[grunts]
Regular-sized Richard was bad enough.
This is ridiculous.
Let's see how he likes it
when I fry his Frankenbots!
You always thought you were such a big man
with Kong at your back, didn't you, Lukas?
Well, who's the big man now?
C'mon, Danny! We have to help Kong!
I don't want to hurt you, Richard,
but I've got to stop you!
You'll do neither!
Okay, now how do we get him out of there?
Hey, what's that?
I don't know, but it looks important.
It looks like the source of the cage,
but how do we shut it off?
There's gotta be some way.
[Danny grunts]
[straining]
[panting] It's no use.
[hooting]
[laughs] Yeah! Works for me!
[roars]
[gasps]
[grunts] Really?
Uh, I'll need this back.
You can let go now. [straining]
[roaring]
[straining]
Looks like this is it.
Not yet, Mr. Jones!
My friends call me Jonesy.
Thanks for your help.
Looks like I owe you again.
I'm not keeping score, Jonesy.
We've got to hurry.
Between the empress and King Richard,
we're going to need some major muscle.
I hear that!
I'll be needing that blaster.
Okay.
[roaring]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[yelling]
-[Kong grunting]
-[Lukas yelling]
[gasps] Thanks, bro!
[gasps]
Nice try, but you can't protect him
this time, you stupid ape.
[roaring]
And you, brother.
I've dreamt about this moment for so long.
Stand back.
I'll have to fry this thing to remove it.
-[electricity crackles]
-[grunts]
[groans]
[grunting softly]
[roaring]
-[Kong roars]
-[Richard shudders]
[Richard grunts]
[Kong groans]
All right, Kong!
Payback time!
Her circuits have been fried.
[roaring]
I beat you once, you stupid brute!
It will be a pleasure to do so again!
[groans]
And don't think
I've forgotten about you, brother.
[grunts]
[groans]
Incoming!
[screeching]
[Kong grunts]
[roaring]
On your right!
I see it!
You kids get somewhere safe!
[gasps] Great idea, but I don't think
there is anyplace safe on this island!
[Danny] Come on, Panchi!
[both scream]
Look out!
[both chuckle]
[whimpers]
-[Danny laughs]
-[Panchi sighs]
[Kong grunts]
[roaring]
[hooting]
[groans]
[laughing evilly]
[roaring]
Something big is happening on Kong island.
Alert the military.
[hooting]
End of the line, ape.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[laughing evilly]
Kong!
Hold the line, Jonesy!
I've got to help Kong!
Consider it held, buddy.
[laughs] Do you really think
you can stop me, little brother?
[Lukas] I was born 20 minutes before you!
[Richard] Well, I plan to outlive you!
[groans]
[screams]
[all screaming]
[gasps] Lukas!
[Lukas coughs]
I'm okay. Help Danny and Panchi!
Stay here. I'll be right back.
[Richard] Perfect.
Right in my sights.
[Kong roars]
[Richard grunting]
You did it, bro!
[Richard] Yes, I did, brother.
And now yours is the last name on my list.
Richard, it's not too late
to stop all this fighting.
You're my brother.
Your only brother is that ape
and now you can join him, forever!
[Kong growls]
Except it looks like Kong is ready
for another round.
[gasps]
[Kong grunts]
[groaning]
[roaring]
Jonesy! The cage!
Way ahead of you, buddy,
I hacked the control
and synced the switch to our wrist comms.
Mind giving us a hand, big guy?
[Kong grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
What?
Kong, you miserable...
[grunting]
[helicopter blades whirring]
You guys took your time!
Looks like we missed all the fun.
-[straining]
-[general] That'll hold him.
I hope.
I wish I could have done something.
Anything to change Richard.
I guess the best we can do
is make sure he can't hurt anyone else.
We'll keep him safely locked up,
I promise.
Ugh! I'll get out and when I do--
[gasps]
You were saying...
Hey! I've got something!
Look what we have here...
Jonesy! You miserable meatbag!
This isn't over!
When I get my body back, I'll--
[muffled groans]
I think I like you better like this.
Let's give her a jump start
and cross our fingers.
[shudders]
I wasn't sure if I was going to wake up
after that little stunt.
Saving Kong was uncharacteristically
heroic of you.
That's the deal
about thinking for yourself.
You never know what crazy thing
you're going to do!
That's just the kind of crazy
we like around here.
I can't thank you enough.
Never would've believed Botila's clones
had so much humanity in them.
[all] Thank you, Jonesy.
[all chuckle]
Richard and Botila are both behind bars.
What do we do now?
[grunting]
Kong says he wants to live underground
with the apes and Zippi.
[chittering]
[chuckles]
I could have guessed that!
Hmm. That's great for Kong,
but I want to live above ground,
maybe eat at a real restaurant
and see a few holo-flicks,
like a normal kid.
We're not normal kids,
but I'm with Panchi.
Ooh, I'll be happy
as long as I have my family around
and spend less time running for my life!
[grunts]
And Mummo's coming with me!
Maybe we will open our own restaurant!
[squawks] Good eats!
But I'll miss you, my enorme amigo!
Well, the threat is over.
Nobody's after us.
We can come and go as we please.
Yeah! Who says
we can't live in both places?
[chuckles] I guess he can take
a well-deserved rest.
[yawns]
[wrist comm chirping]
[general on comm]
Lukas, big emergency in Japan.
A giant, mutated jellyfish
is attacking fishing vessels.
We need Kong now!
Sorry to cut your nap short.
But we've got work to do!
[grunting]
[yawning]
[roaring]
[upbeat music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org